Update the cnbi deployment docs (#25)
thoth-station/opendatahub-cnbi: docs/dev-test-env.md

    IMAGE="quay.io/thoth-station/cnbi-operator"
    make docker-build docker-push IMG="$IMAGE:$IMAGE_VERSION"

> Once the new version image is updated it should be updated in the [manifests](https://github.com/thoth-station/meteor-operator/blob/main/config/manager/kustomization.yaml#L16) for smooth deployment in cluster.

Reviewer: I believe we should reword that somehow because direct modification of this file is not expected. The version is controlled by the [Makefile](https://github.com/thoth-station/meteor-operator/blob/7206f883dae5dd99385f7350016652bb028e7e99/Makefile#L6)

> The deployment of the CNBI operator into the cluster is designed in opendatahub pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployment of the CNBI operator into the cluster is designed following opendatahub's pattern.
```

Kustomize is used to structure the cnbi operator manifests, and the manifests are available
on the [cnbi operator repo](https://github.com/thoth-station/meteor-operator/tree/main/config).

> The new change of CNBi component are deploy by updating the version in kfdef https://github.com/operate-first/apps/tree/master/kfdefs/overlays/osc/osc-cl1/cnbi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New changes of the CNBi component are deployed to the cluster by updating the version in [the relevant kfdef](https://github.com/operate-first/apps/tree/master/kfdefs/overlays/osc/osc-cl1/cnbi)
```

> The ArgoCD sync the kfdef in the cluster osc-cl1, the opendatahub operator deploys the CNBi components in the aicoe-meteor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ArgoCD syncs the kfdef in the cluster osc-cl1, the opendatahub operator deploys the CNBi components in the aicoe-meteor namespace.
```
